content/en/docs/homepage.md, before:

---
title:  Dashboard
description: Dashboard screen display an organizational day-to-day statistical records.
img: first-blog-post.jpg
alt: my first blog post
createdAt: '2020-12-13'
tags:
  - documentation
  - homepage
  - dashboard
author:
  name: Elirehema
  bio: Member (Software developer)
  image: https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/29277048?s=460&u=7b9129df86f037dc4fb021e22ecbf252f308e688&v=4
---

This is the first page after login. It  display statistical records and contain the following statistical graphs.

### Totals
This display the total number of seletcive records from the system e,g Total number of patients and in terms of thier gender(i.e Male, female and unspecified), total number of staffs, consultations and assigned and un-assigned consultations , number of bed, occupied and un-occupied beds, total OPD and IPD's etc. 
<c-image src="totals.png" alt="Record totals"></c-image>


### Statistical pie graphs
The six sibling pie charts potray  records conposition in the following sequence <strong>gender composition (i.e Male vs female), IPD vs OPD,  Consultations (i.e active vs inactive), Consultation assignment (i.e Assigned vs Un-assigned) , beds distribution and  System users</strong> respectively
<c-image src="statistical_pie_chart.png" alt="Six sibling pie charts"></c-image>

### Buttons
 - Refresh Button
 - Logout button
 - Dark Mode switch button


## Navigation menus
### Dashboard
### Patients
  - Appointment
  - Patients
  - OPD department
  - IPD department
### Inventory
  - Pharmacy
  - Medicine 
  - Blood bank
  - Ward 
  - Beds
### Laboratory
  - Laboratory
  Under development
  - Rediology
  Under development
### Organization
 - Staffs 
 - Departments
 - Services
### Finance
  Under development
### Stations
  Under development
### Calendar
  For sharing organization calendar with other members.
### Reports
  Display the list of business reports.
### Settings and configurations
 This is nothing but link to  [Settings and configurations](/docs/a/#settings-and-configurations)  for system and Admin configurations

Commit message:

Document en number of consultations conducted per day

content/en/docs/homepage.md, after:

---
title:  Dashboard
description: Dashboard screen display an organizational day-to-day statistical records.
img: first-blog-post.jpg
alt: my first blog post
createdAt: '2020-12-13'
tags:
  - documentation
  - homepage
  - dashboard
author:
  name: Elirehema
  bio: Member (Software developer)
  image: https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/29277048?s=460&u=7b9129df86f037dc4fb021e22ecbf252f308e688&v=4
---

This is the first page after login. It  display statistical records and contain the following statistical graphs.

### Totals
This display the total number of seletcive records from the system e,g Total number of patients and in terms of thier gender(i.e Male, female and unspecified), total number of staffs, consultations and assigned and un-assigned consultations , number of bed, occupied and un-occupied beds, total OPD and IPD's etc. 
<c-image src="totals.png" alt="Record totals"></c-image>


### Statistical pie graphs
The six sibling pie charts potray  records conposition in the following sequence <strong>gender composition (i.e Male vs female), IPD vs OPD,  Consultations (i.e active vs inactive), Consultation assignment (i.e Assigned vs Un-assigned) , beds distribution and  System users</strong> respectively
<c-image src="statistical_pie_chart.png" alt="Six sibling pie charts"></c-image>

###  Consultations frequency graph
A linear graph shows the number of consultations conducted per day
<c-image src="consultations_chart.png" alt="Six sibling pie charts"></c-image>


## Navigation menus
### Dashboard
### Patients
  - Appointment
  - Patients
  - OPD department
  - IPD department
### Inventory
  - Pharmacy
  - Medicine 
  - Blood bank
  - Ward 
  - Beds
### Laboratory
  - Laboratory
  Under development
  - Rediology
  Under development
### Organization
 - Staffs 
 - Departments
 - Services
### Finance
  Under development
### Stations
  Under development
### Calendar
  For sharing organization calendar with other members.
### Reports
  Display the list of business reports.
### Settings and configurations
 This is nothing but link to  [Settings and configurations](/docs/a/#settings-and-configurations)  for system and Admin configurations
