content/en/docs/navmenu.md, before:

---
title:  Navigation menu
description: A shortcut list of an important links to the application.
img: first-blog-post.jpg
alt: my first blog post
createdAt: '2020-12-14'
tags:
  - documentation
  - menu
  - links
  - navigation
author:
  name: Elirehema
  bio: Member (Software developer)
  image: https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/29277048?s=460&u=7b9129df86f037dc4fb021e22ecbf252f308e688&v=4
---

Navigation menu's this are set of links pointing to important areas of an application. 

## Navigation links
Set of navigation menu links, sub-menu and their respective destination in the documentation
<div class="markdown">

| Menu name   |  Submenu          |  Destination   |
| :---        | :--               |           :--- |
| Dashboard   |  - Dashboard      |  [Dashboard](/docs/homepage)     |
|  <hr>       |    <hr>           |   <hr>         |
| Patients    |   - Appointment   |  Here's this   |
|             |   - Patients      |  Here's this   |
|             |   - OPD department|  Here's this   |
|             |   - IPD department|  Here's this   |
|  <hr>       |    <hr>           |   <hr>         |
| Inventory   |  - Pharmacy       |  And more      |
|             |   -  Medicine     |  Here's this   |
|             |   - Blood bank    |  Here's this   |
|             |   - Wards         |  Here's this   |
|             |   - Beds          |  Here's this   |
|  <hr>       |    <hr>           |   <hr>         |
| Laboratory  |  - Laboratory     |  And more      |
|             |   -  Rediology    |  Here's this   |
|  <hr>       |    <hr>           |   <hr>         |
| Organization|  - Staffs         |  And more      |
|             |   -  Department   |  Here's this   |
|             |   -  Services     |  Here's this   |
|  <hr>       |    <hr>           |   <hr>         |
| Stations    |  - Stations       |  And more      |
|  <hr>       |    <hr>           |   <hr>         |
|    Finance  |   - Finance       |  Here's this   |
|  <hr>       |    <hr>           |   <hr>         |
|    Calendar |   - Calendar      |  Here's this   |
|  <hr>       |    <hr>           |   <hr>         |
|    Reports  |   - Reports       |  Here's this   |
|  <hr>       |    <hr>           |   <hr>         |
|    Settings and configurations  |   - Settings and configurations       |  [Settings and configurations](/docs/setting-and-config)  |
|  <hr>       |    <hr>           |   <hr>         |
|    Language selections  |   -  Language selections       |  A drop down for language selection  |
|  <hr>       |    <hr>           |   <hr>         |


</div>

### Dashboard
### Patients
  - Appointment
  - Patients
  - OPD department
  - IPD department
### Inventory
  - Pharmacy
  - Medicine 
  - Blood bank
  - Ward 
  - Beds
### Laboratory
  - Laboratory
  Under development
  - Rediology
  Under development
### Organization
 - Staffs 
 - Departments
 - Services
### Finance
  Under development
### Stations
  Under development
### Calendar
  For sharing organization calendar with other members.
### Reports
  Display the list of business reports.
### Settings and configurations
 This is nothing but link to  [Settings and configurations](/docs/a/#settings-and-configurations)  for system and Admin configurations
### Language selection
A drop down to allow user to switch between multiple languages

Commit message:

Hide navigation link with description

content/en/docs/navmenu.md, after:

---
title:  Navigation menu
description: A shortcut list of an important links to the application.
img: first-blog-post.jpg
alt: my first blog post
createdAt: '2020-12-14'
tags:
  - documentation
  - menu
  - links
  - navigation
author:
  name: Elirehema
  bio: Member (Software developer)
  image: https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/29277048?s=460&u=7b9129df86f037dc4fb021e22ecbf252f308e688&v=4
---

Navigation menu's this are set of links pointing to important areas of an application. 

## Navigation links
Set of navigation menu links, sub-menu and their respective destination in the documentation
<div class="markdown">

| Menu name   |  Submenu          |  Destination   |
| :---        | :--               |           :--- |
| Dashboard   |  - Dashboard      |  [Dashboard](/docs/homepage)     |
|  <hr>       |    <hr>           |   <hr>         |
| Patients    |   - Appointment   |  Here's this   |
|             |   - Patients      |  Here's this   |
|             |   - OPD department|  Here's this   |
|             |   - IPD department|  Here's this   |
|  <hr>       |    <hr>           |   <hr>         |
| Inventory   |  - Pharmacy       |  And more      |
|             |   -  Medicine     |  Here's this   |
|             |   - Blood bank    |  Here's this   |
|             |   - Wards         |  Here's this   |
|             |   - Beds          |  Here's this   |
|  <hr>       |    <hr>           |   <hr>         |
| Laboratory  |  - Laboratory     |  And more      |
|             |   -  Rediology    |  Here's this   |
|  <hr>       |    <hr>           |   <hr>         |
| Organization|  - Staffs         |  And more      |
|             |   -  Department   |  Here's this   |
|             |   -  Services     |  Here's this   |
|  <hr>       |    <hr>           |   <hr>         |
| Stations    |  - Stations       |  And more      |
|  <hr>       |    <hr>           |   <hr>         |
|    Finance  |   - Finance       |  Here's this   |
|  <hr>       |    <hr>           |   <hr>         |
|    Calendar |   - Calendar      |  Here's this   |
|  <hr>       |    <hr>           |   <hr>         |
|    Reports  |   - Reports       |  Here's this   |
|  <hr>       |    <hr>           |   <hr>         |
|    Settings and configurations  |   - Settings and configurations       |  [Settings and configurations](/docs/setting-and-config)  |
|  <hr>       |    <hr>           |   <hr>         |
|    Language selections  |   -  Language selections       |  A drop down for language selection  |
|  <hr>       |    <hr>           |   <hr>         |


</div>

### Descriptions

##### Dashboard
A navigation link to take you back to dashboard screen from any point you are in the application. This is visible from all page except finance department.
##### Patients
For Patient information management 
  - Appointment
A navigation link to patient appointments 
  - Patients
  - OPD department
  - IPD department
##### Inventory
  - Pharmacy
  - Medicine 
  - Blood bank
  - Ward 
  - Beds
##### Laboratory
  - Laboratory
  Under development
  - Rediology
  Under development
##### Organization
 - Staffs 
 - Departments
 - Services
##### Finance
  Under development
##### Stations
  Under development
##### Calendar
  For sharing organization calendar with other members.
##### Reports
  Display the list of business reports.
##### Settings and configurations
 This is nothing but link to  [Settings and configurations](/docs/a/#settings-and-configurations)  for system and Admin configurations
##### Language selection
A drop down to allow user to switch between multiple languages
