content/en/navmenu.md, before:

---
title:  Navigation menu
description: A shortcut list of an important links to the application.
img: first-blog-post.jpg
alt: my first blog post
createdAt: '2020-12-14'
tags:
  - documentation
  - menu
  - links
  - navigation
author:
  name: Elirehema
  bio: Member (Software developer)
  image: https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/29277048?s=460&u=7b9129df86f037dc4fb021e22ecbf252f308e688&v=4
---

Navigation menu's this are set of links pointing to important areas of an application. 

## Navigation links
Set of navigation menu links, sub-menu and their respective destination in the documentation
<div class="markdown">

| Menu name   |  Submenu          |  Destination   |
| :---        | :--               |           :--- |
| Dashboard   |  - Dashboard      |  [Dashboard](/homepage)     |
|  <hr>       |    <hr>           |   <hr>         |
| Patients    |   - Appointment   |  [Appointments](/patients#appointments)   |
|             |   - Patients      |  [Patients](/patients#patients)   |
|             |   - OPD department|  [OPD department](/patients#opd-department)  |
|             |   - IPD department|  [IPD department](/patients#ipd-department)   |
|  <hr>       |    <hr>           |   <hr>         |
| Inventory   |  - Pharmacy       |  [Inventory pharmacy](/inventory#pharmacy)      |
|             |   -  Medicine     |  [Inventory medicine tab](/inventory#medicine)  |
|             |   - Blood bank    | [Inventory blood bank](/inventory#blood-bank)   |
|             |   - Wards         |  [Inventory-wards](/inventory#wards)   |
|             |   - Beds          |  [Inventory-beds](/inventory#beds)   |
|  <hr>       |    <hr>           |   <hr>         |
| Laboratory  |  - Laboratory     |  [Laboratory](/laboratory)     |
|             |   -  Radiology    |  [Radiology](/radiology)   |
|  <hr>       |    <hr>           |   <hr>         |
| Organization|  - Staffs         |   [Staffs](/organization#staffs)        |
|             |   -  Department   |   [Department](/organization#departments)     |
|  <hr>       |    <hr>           |   <hr>         |
| Stations    |  - Stations       |  And more      |
|  <hr>       |    <hr>           |   <hr>         |
|    Finance  |   - Finance       |   [Finance](/finance)    |
|  <hr>       |    <hr>           |   <hr>         |
|    Calendar |   - Calendar      |  Here's this   |
|  <hr>       |    <hr>           |   <hr>         |
|    Reports  |   - Reports       |   [Reports](/reports)   |
|  <hr>       |    <hr>           |   <hr>         |
|    Settings and configurations  |   - Settings and configurations       |  [Settings and configurations](/setting-and-config)  |
|  <hr>       |    <hr>           |   <hr>         |
|    Language selections  |   -  Language selections       |  A drop down for language selection  |
|  <hr>       |    <hr>           |   <hr>         |


</div>

### Descriptions

##### Dashboard
A navigation link to take you back to dashboard screen from any point you are in the application. This is visible from all page except finance department.
##### Patients
For Patient information management 
  - Appointment
A navigation link to patient appointments 
  - Patients
  - OPD department
  - IPD department
##### Inventory
  - Pharmacy
  - Medicine 
  - Blood bank
  - Ward 
  - Beds
##### Laboratory
  - Laboratory
  Under development
  - Rediology
  Under development
##### Organization
 - Staffs 
 - Departments
 - Services
##### Finance
  Under development
##### Stations
  Under development
##### Calendar
  For sharing organization calendar with other members.
##### Reports
  Display the list of business reports.
##### Settings and configurations
 This is nothing but link to  [Settings and configurations](/setting-and-config)  for system and Admin configurations
##### Language selection
A drop down to allow user to switch between multiple languages

Commit message:

Update navigation docs add navigation menu icon

content/en/navmenu.md, after:

---
title:  Navigation menu
description: A shortcut list of an important links to the application.
img: first-blog-post.jpg
alt: my first blog post
createdAt: '2020-12-14'
tags:
  - documentation
  - menu
  - links
  - navigation
author:
  name: Elirehema
  bio: Member (Software developer)
  image: https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/29277048?s=460&u=7b9129df86f037dc4fb021e22ecbf252f308e688&v=4
---

Navigation menu's this are set of links pointing to important areas of an application. 

## Navigation drawer button
For space management you can feel like to hide or display the navigation drawer.  Click navigation drawer menu icon to hide or un-hide navigation menu. 
<c-image src="drawer_button.png" alt="Navigation drawer button"></c-image>

## Navigation links
Set of navigation menu links, sub-menu and their respective destination in the documentation
<div class="markdown">

| Menu name   |  Submenu          |  Destination   |
| :---        | :--               |           :--- |
| Dashboard   |  - Dashboard      |  [Dashboard](/homepage)     |
|  <hr>       |    <hr>           |   <hr>         |
| Patients    |   - Appointment   |  [Appointments](/patients#appointments)   |
|             |   - Patients      |  [Patients](/patients#patients)   |
|             |   - OPD department|  [OPD department](/patients#opd-department)  |
|             |   - IPD department|  [IPD department](/patients#ipd-department)   |
|  <hr>       |    <hr>           |   <hr>         |
| Inventory   |  - Pharmacy       |  [Inventory pharmacy](/inventory#pharmacy)      |
|             |   -  Medicine     |  [Inventory medicine tab](/inventory#medicine)  |
|             |   - Blood bank    | [Inventory blood bank](/inventory#blood-bank)   |
|             |   - Wards         |  [Inventory-wards](/inventory#wards)   |
|             |   - Beds          |  [Inventory-beds](/inventory#beds)   |
|  <hr>       |    <hr>           |   <hr>         |
| Laboratory  |  - Laboratory     |  [Laboratory](/laboratory)     |
|             |   -  Radiology    |  [Radiology](/radiology)   |
|  <hr>       |    <hr>           |   <hr>         |
| Organization|  - Staffs         |   [Staffs](/organization#staffs)        |
|             |   -  Department   |   [Department](/organization#departments)     |
|  <hr>       |    <hr>           |   <hr>         |
| Stations    |  - Stations       |  And more      |
|  <hr>       |    <hr>           |   <hr>         |
|    Finance  |   - Finance       |   [Finance](/finance)    |
|  <hr>       |    <hr>           |   <hr>         |
|    Calendar |   - Calendar      |  Here's this   |
|  <hr>       |    <hr>           |   <hr>         |
|    Reports  |   - Reports       |   [Reports](/reports)   |
|  <hr>       |    <hr>           |   <hr>         |
|    Settings and configurations  |   - Settings and configurations       |  [Settings and configurations](/setting-and-config)  |
|  <hr>       |    <hr>           |   <hr>         |
|    Language selections  |   -  Language selections       |  A drop down for language selection  |
|  <hr>       |    <hr>           |   <hr>         |


</div>

### Descriptions

##### Dashboard
A navigation link to take you back to dashboard screen from any point you are in the application. This is visible from all page except finance department.
##### Patients
For Patient information management 
  - Appointment
A navigation link to patient appointments 
  - Patients
  - OPD department
  - IPD department
##### Inventory
  - Pharmacy
  - Medicine 
  - Blood bank
  - Ward 
  - Beds
##### Laboratory
  - Laboratory
  Under development
  - Rediology
  Under development
##### Organization
 - Staffs 
 - Departments
 - Services
##### Finance
  Financial infomation and funds managements. [More ...](/finance)
##### Stations
  Under development
##### Calendar
  For sharing organization calendar with other members.
##### Reports
  Display the list of business reports. [More...](/reports)
##### Settings and configurations
 This is nothing but link to  [Settings and configurations](/setting-and-config)  for system and Admin configurations
##### Language selection
A drop down to allow user to switch between multiple languages
