content/en/organization.md, before:

---
title:  Organization
description: Manage organization staffs and department
image: 
alt: my first blog post
createdAt: '2020-12-27'
tags:
  - documentation
  - radiology
author:
  name: Elirehema
  bio: Member (Software developer)
  image: https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/29277048?s=460&u=7b9129df86f037dc4fb021e22ecbf252f308e688&v=4
---


System users i.e doctors, nurses, administration personnel, finance and others all fall within the organization as human resources. From your navigation drawer hover Organization and this will gives you child menus;-
## Staffs
### Staffs list
---
Staffs this are all the people employed by a particular organization.  As explained in [create user](/setting-and-config#system-users), if you assign the user to spcific department when creating them, this users will appear under the members of particular department. In navigation drawer > Organization > staffs contain automcatic populated tabs for department names available with list of department members for each department tab. <c-image src="staffs.png" alt="Staff's list"></c-image>
###  View staffs
---
Documenting ...
## Departments
This list all department under organization. In navigation drawer > organization > departments. <c-image src="departments.png" alt="Departments"></c-image>
### Add new department
---
### View department
---
### Edit department
--- 

All system users must have a member of one department at a time.

Commit message:

Document en view and create department

content/en/organization.md, after:

---
title:  Organization
description: Manage organization staffs and department
image: 
alt: my first blog post
createdAt: '2020-12-27'
tags:
  - documentation
  - radiology
author:
  name: Elirehema
  bio: Member (Software developer)
  image: https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/29277048?s=460&u=7b9129df86f037dc4fb021e22ecbf252f308e688&v=4
---


System users i.e doctors, nurses, administration personnel, finance and others all fall within the organization as human resources. From your navigation drawer hover Organization and this will gives you child menus;-
## Staffs
### Staffs list
---
Staffs this are all the people employed by a particular organization.  As explained in [create user](/setting-and-config#system-users), if you assign the user to spcific department when creating them, this users will appear under the members of particular department. In navigation drawer > Organization > staffs contain automcatic populated tabs for department names available with list of department members for each department tab. <c-image src="staffs.png" alt="Staff's list"></c-image>
###  View staffs
---
Documenting ...
## Departments
This list all department under organization. In navigation drawer > organization > departments. <c-image src="departments.png" alt="Departments"></c-image>
### Add new department
---
Click <strong class="button"> new department</strong> button and provide the required information in the popup screen and click save <c-image src="createdepartment.png" alt="Create department"></c-image>
### View department
---
From department list select a department an click. This will open a new page where you will see more information about this department. This also will display a members/staffs assigned to this department.  You can navigate to staffs profile by clicking the staff card <c-image src="viewdepartment.png" alt="View department"></c-image>
### Edit department
--- 

All system users must have a member of one department at a time.
