content/en/patients.md, before:

---
title:  Patients
description: Create, update, delete patients, initiate patient consultations and create appointment. View assigned and un-assigned patient consultations
image: 
alt: my first blog post
createdAt: '2020-12-15'
tags:
  - documentation
  - patients
  - consultation
author:
  name: Elirehema
  bio: Member (Software developer)
  image: https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/29277048?s=460&u=7b9129df86f037dc4fb021e22ecbf252f308e688&v=4
---

## Appointments
This shows the list of an assigned and un-assgined consultation. Assigned consultation list all active created consultations and assigned to any medical specialist or staff, but un-assigned work the opposite.
### Un-assigned patient consultations list
---
<c-image src="un-assigned-consultation.png" alt="Assigned and un assigned consultation"></c-image>

### Assigned patient consultations list
---
<c-image src="assigned-consultation.png" alt="Assigned and un assigned consultation"></c-image>

## Patients
---
This section list available patients and their status i.e Active or Inactive. 
<c-image src="patients.png" alt="List of patients"></c-image> You can also create new patient, view patient, edit patient information, add patient contacts informations, upload patient profile image, Initiate patient consultation service to be attended

### Create new patient
---
The patient/client registration can be done only once. To create a new patient in you patients list click <strong class="button">+ Add new patient</strong> button, this will navigate you to a new page to fill out some new client information like Fullname, age, weight, height etc. All fields are mandatory except fot Note. After you fill the information click save button. <c-image src="create-patient.png" alt="List of patients"></c-image> 

### View client
---
After succesfully submit you will be redirect to the created client profile. In the list of clients you can also select one to view his/her details. Currently client profile shows Biography and Consultation history.  <c-image src="profile.png" alt="Client po"></c-image> 

### Edit client
---
To edit patient click edit button <icon icon="account-edit"></icon> it will give you the edit option click save after you have editted.

### Profile thumbnail
---
To upload client image for later refferences click upload button <icon icon="progress-upload"></icon> the popup screen with image select option will appear select image and click save to persist.  The selected image will appear on client profile. <c-image src="profile-image-upload.png" alt="upload profile image"></c-image>  

### Contacts
The defines contacts for specific client/patient.
###  Add contacts
---
If client/patient contacts infomation are not yet provided the <strong class="button">add contacts</strong> button will shows up to add. Click the button and the new page to fill contacts information appear after you have filled the contacts information click submit button. Then page to view the contacts information  will appear. The same page will appear when you click view contact infomation from the client profile. <c-image src="view-contact.png" alt="Profile display contacts"></c-image>

### Edit contacts
---
From view contact page click <icon icon="pencil"></icon> button to edit and preview the changes then click <strong class="button">submit</strong>  button to save the changes. <c-image src="edit-contact.png" alt="Edit client profile  contacts"></c-image>


### Consultations
---
This are patient medical service instances between one day and the next. Click [here to learn about consultation management](/consultations)

## OPD department
---
This list all Out-patient client consultations.

## IPD department
---
This list all In-patient client consultations.

Commit message:

Document en self service creaete account

content/en/patients.md, after:

---
title:  Patients
description: Create, update, delete patients, initiate patient consultations and create appointment. View assigned and un-assigned patient consultations
image: 
alt: my first blog post
createdAt: '2020-12-15'
tags:
  - documentation
  - patients
  - consultation
author:
  name: Elirehema
  bio: Member (Software developer)
  image: https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/29277048?s=460&u=7b9129df86f037dc4fb021e22ecbf252f308e688&v=4
---

## Appointments
This shows the list of an assigned and un-assgined consultation. Assigned consultation list all active created consultations and assigned to any medical specialist or staff, but un-assigned work the opposite.
### Un-assigned patient consultations list
---
<c-image src="un-assigned-consultation.png" alt="Assigned and un assigned consultation"></c-image>

### Assigned patient consultations list
---
<c-image src="assigned-consultation.png" alt="Assigned and un assigned consultation"></c-image>

## Patients
---
This section list available patients and their status i.e Active or Inactive. 
<c-image src="patients.png" alt="List of patients"></c-image> You can also create new patient, view patient, edit patient information, add patient contacts informations, upload patient profile image, Initiate patient consultation service to be attended

### Create new patient
---
The patient/client registration can be done only once. To create a new patient in you patients list click <strong class="button">+ Add new patient</strong> button, this will navigate you to a new page to fill out some new client information like Fullname, age, weight, height etc. All fields are mandatory except fot Note. After you fill the information click save button. <c-image src="create-patient.png" alt="List of patients"></c-image> 

### View client
---
After succesfully submit you will be redirect to the created client profile. In the list of clients you can also select one to view his/her details. Currently client profile shows Biography and Consultation history.  <c-image src="profile.png" alt="Client po"></c-image> 

### Edit client
---
To edit patient click edit button <icon icon="account-edit"></icon> it will give you the edit option click save after you have editted.

### Profile thumbnail
---
To upload client image for later refferences click upload button <icon icon="progress-upload"></icon> the popup screen with image select option will appear select image and click save to persist.  The selected image will appear on client profile. <c-image src="profile-image-upload.png" alt="upload profile image"></c-image>  

### Contacts
The defines contacts for specific client/patient.
###  Add contacts
---
If client/patient contacts infomation are not yet provided the <strong class="button">add contacts</strong> button will shows up to add. Click the button and the new page to fill contacts information appear after you have filled the contacts information click submit button. Then page to view the contacts information  will appear. The same page will appear when you click view contact infomation from the client profile. <c-image src="view-contact.png" alt="Profile display contacts"></c-image>

### Edit contacts
---
From view contact page click <icon icon="pencil"></icon> button to edit and preview the changes then click <strong class="button">submit</strong>  button to save the changes. <c-image src="edit-contact.png" alt="Edit client profile  contacts"></c-image>

### Self-service account
---
Self-service is the practice of serving oneself. The client has right to access their medical informations. Creating self service user account to this client will allow client to loging with crendentials provided during creation of this account using [client mobile application(under development)](https://github.com/ospic/mobile).  Under strictly security supervisions the client should be able to access one and only patient profile informations . This user account will appear in the list of  self service users [Self services users](/setting-and-config#self-service-users)  

### Consultations
---
This are patient medical service instances between one day and the next. Click [here to learn about consultation management](/consultations)

## OPD department
---
This list all Out-patient client consultations.

## IPD department
---
This list all In-patient client consultations.
