content/en/setting-and-config.md, before:

---
title:  Setting and configurations
description: Learning some setting and system configurations before start working with Ospic HMS
img: first-blog-post.jpg
alt: my first blog post
createdAt: '2021-02-30'
tags:
  - documentation
  - settings
  - configurations
  - roles
  - authorities
---

 ## Roles and permissions 
---
##  <strong>_Administrations_</strong>
---
  ### System users 
List all system users
<c-image src="users.png" alt="System users lits"></c-image>
This also gives the option to create new system users by clicking <strong  class="button"> + add new user </strong> button. Add new user by filling the username and password form login. If is staff will display the option to assign user to particular department. Give user role from list of roles. Each role have set of permissions as authorities to perform or not to perform some system operations.  This roles also define which pages in the system a user can or can not see or acces.
### Self-service users
List of all self service user accounts created in each patient accounts. <c-image src="selfservice-users.png" alt="Self-service users list"></c-image>

### Roles & authorities
This list all roles ever created in th stystem. <c-image src="roles.png" alt="System roles list"></c-image>
### Add new role
--- 
To add

## System 
---
##  <strong>_Configurartions_</strong>
---
### SMS configurations
### Email configurations

Commit message:

Document en create new role

content/en/setting-and-config.md, after:

---
title:  Setting and configurations
description: Learning some setting and system configurations before start working with Ospic HMS
img: first-blog-post.jpg
alt: my first blog post
createdAt: '2021-02-30'
tags:
  - documentation
  - settings
  - configurations
  - roles
  - authorities
---

 ## Roles and permissions 
---
##  <strong>_Administrations_</strong>
---
  ### System users 
List all system users
<c-image src="users.png" alt="System users lits"></c-image>
This also gives the option to create new system users by clicking <strong  class="button"> + add new user </strong> button. Add new user by filling the username and password form login. If is staff will display the option to assign user to particular department. Give user role from list of roles. Each role have set of permissions as authorities to perform or not to perform some system operations.  This roles also define which pages in the system a user can or can not see or acces.
### Self-service users
List of all self service user accounts created in each patient accounts. <c-image src="selfservice-users.png" alt="Self-service users list"></c-image>

### Roles & authorities
This list all roles ever created in th stystem. <c-image src="roles.png" alt="System roles list"></c-image>
### Add new role
--- 
To add new role click <strong class="button">+ add new role</strong> button and fill the role name e.g Administrator in your drop down select all permission for this role and click save <c-image src="createrole.png" alt="Create new role"></c-image>

## System 
---
##  <strong>_Configurartions_</strong>
---
### SMS configurations
### Email configurations
